so I'm gonna show you a couple of clips
okay you've no idea what these clips are
no I do so Martin it's been gone seven
years you're coming back to the square
you're coming back to your gang cush you
two know each other
Brier to the square yeah you make this
brilliant entrance this is the first
thing I shot and I to drive that van try
not to run over my favorite characters
in the show remember my lines
it was sorting seeing as you were stood
behind the amoebas when the brains were
being handed out let me just I'll spell
this out for you I can't get a van up
there can you the boat is too in that
road actually
yeah was that supposed to be an apology
come on you know I'm gonna like always
exaggerating about sighs Wow jokes you
know man in charge here first day on the
market I get Harvey my sister you can
deliver a line coming sorry I can made a
funeral you get the flowers
yeah we did thank you you like a
different man yesterday which one are
you thinking the whole audience for
saying that I don't remember being so it
was a bit a bit of swagger yeah do you
know what Wolford can do that to a man
right what's it like filming your first
scene because you've got so many people
watching you yeah I let me see what he's
going no what is it something you're
surrounded by people who know what
they're doing that's the scariest thing
in always when I came into the show they
said right Martin's coming in youtuber
mates he's gonna come in and this is the
guy playing and I saw his cast card and
I thought you look like a proper geek I
was like this guy's gonna be a real
lucky fellow we're not going anything
I'm a geek we're if we're not gonna be
out of I couldn't have been more wrong
no I had a beard before I come in and
they made me shave it off so instantly I
look and then my hair was all different
they tried to make me look like so it
wasn't such a leap from the old mines in
the pneumoniae because you're the third
actor to play Martin Fowler do you look
back and think I had to bathe do it or
do you think no I don't know on that no
I did I got like a really in-depth
breakdown from the team here had chats
with the exact producers at the time so
they really know what they want you to
bring but also they were like look your
character now do what you want with him
and see what happens but I always had
the reference always had that foul kind
of you know they're quite angry aren't
they they fell like Paul he was always
very strict and very direct mark was
quite strong we're coming in tell me how
it's done it's in that big
so I always had those to draw I'm like
he's obviously inherited those as his
Golder but then there's that stupidity
like mine is as stupid as they come with
you no I don't mean intelligence I mean
like he's quite playful he's very
playful and it likes having someone like
cush to bounce off you know because
she's definitely more in tune with like
you shouldn't do it yes yeah with mine
lets it go a little bit more as a
relationship just work so well
[Music]
you